Update to Turing 0.40 (#636)
TuringLang/docs: usage/modifying-logprob/index.qmd

end
```

> Note that `@addlogprob!` increases the accumulated log likelihood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `@addlogprob! (p::Float64)` adds `p` to the log likelihood.
```
